README.md, before:

# ARM11 project
Written in C for Imperial College London's Summer term project.

1. _Emulator:_ Simulates the execution of an ARM binary file on a Raspberry Pi
2. _Assembler:_ translates an ARM assembly source file into a
binary file that can subsequently be executed by the emulator
3. _LED:_ ARM assembly program that flashes an LED on a provided Raspberry Pi
4. _Extension:_

## Organisation
- (Google Sheets)[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BZWoV53lNt4TEUStpAOUYNjc-zwfWrU1gSXl8XtwFN0/edit#gid=0]
## Source Code

See `src` directory.

- `emulate.c` contains the main functionality for the emulator.
- `assemble.c` contains the main functionality for the assembler.

You can compile emulate using `make emulate`, and assemble using `make assemble`.

## Tests

See `test` directory.

- TO DO: Setup make files for testing.

## Git
[Git Branching Model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
### [Meaningful Messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

### Quick checklist
1. `git status`
2. `git add -A`
3. `git commit -m "meaningful message"`
4. `git pull` before doing *any* pushing but after you have committed changes
5. `git push` changes.

## Documentation
See `doc` directory.

- `Checkpoint.tex` is the checkpoint report.
- `Report.tex` is the final report.

## Programs

Commit message:

Add branch checklist for readme

README.md, after:

# ARM11 project
Written in C for Imperial College London's Summer term project.

1. _Emulator:_ Simulates the execution of an ARM binary file on a Raspberry Pi
2. _Assembler:_ translates an ARM assembly source file into a
binary file that can subsequently be executed by the emulator
3. _LED:_ ARM assembly program that flashes an LED on a provided Raspberry Pi
4. _Extension:_

## Organisation
- (Google Sheets)[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BZWoV53lNt4TEUStpAOUYNjc-zwfWrU1gSXl8XtwFN0/edit#gid=0]
## Source Code

See `src` directory.

- `emulate.c` contains the main functionality for the emulator.
- `assemble.c` contains the main functionality for the assembler.

You can compile emulate using `make emulate`, and assemble using `make assemble`.

## Tests

See `test` directory.

- TO DO: Setup make files for testing.

## Git
[Git Branching Model](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/)
### [Meaningful Messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

### Branching Checklist
To create a new feature branch
1. `git status` - Make sure you are in develop branch and all pre-requisite features have been merged. `git checkou develop` if not.
2. `git checkout -b myfeature develop`
To incorporate finished feature on develop.
1. `git status`
2. `git checkout develop`
3. `git merge --no-ff myfeature`
4. `git push origin develop`

### Quick checklist
1. `git status`
2. `git add -A`
3. `git commit -m "meaningful message"`
4. `git pull` before doing *any* pushing but after you have committed changes
5. `git push` changes.

## Documentation
See `doc` directory.

- `Checkpoint.tex` is the checkpoint report.
- `Report.tex` is the final report.

## Programs
